feat(about): update Node.js release cycle information (#8882)
nodejs/nodejs.org: apps/site/pages/en/about/previous-releases.mdx

<EOLAlertBox />

Major Node.js versions enter _Current_ release status for six months, which gives library authors time to add support for them.
Historically (up to Node.js 26), odd-numbered releases (9, 11, etc.) become unsupported after six months, and even-numbered releases (10, 12, etc.) move to _Active LTS_ status and are ready for general use.

> Starting with Node.js 27, the release cycle will be annual and every major version will move to _Active LTS_ status after its six-month _Current_ phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Node.js 27, the release cycle will be annual and every major version will move to _LTS_ status after its six-month _Current_ phase (and six additional months of _Alpha_ phase).
```
